Lappeenrannan teknillinen yliopisto
LUT School of Engineering Sciences




Software Development Skills Front-End, Online course

Jesse Mäkelä, 001154586


LEARNING DIARY


Date : 2.11.2024

Started the course

Read the course information and started to watch the video

Reached 19 minutes in the video and created the rough homepage and got it running in the live server. 

The nesting feels overwhelming and so much is unexplained. I just do what the guys says In the video.



Date: 3.11.2024

Reached 33 minutes in the video. 

Did something in the css file to style the buttons with placement and colors.


Date 7.11.2024

continuing the work on buttons and utility classes part. 

At this point I made sure the git works on my project. I made a repository in github and made two folder one for my course work and one for the project.

Starting to understand the way html works. 

I think I’ll stop here copying the video and just watch it to finish and after that I’ll start my own project.



8.11.2024

Decided to make the website about my cs2 highlight and info about my profiles in the game. Named the site BeaTSyHUB that.
Beatsy is my in game name so the name just came from that.

I learned how to embed youtube videos into websites.

Added some pictures of me and my profile.

Tried to style the text and pictures to match each other.

Learned how to make quarrys to make the design work well in mobile devices

Learned about git and how to deploy the site using netify

Deployed the site and wrote read me 


9.11.2024

Changed the colors of the navbar

I think I am finished with the site

20.11.2024

Made the video about deploying the site and showing what is there

posted my git hub repository to the teacher


6.12 
Had noticed that I needed to make the site have pages to the project to pass

made 2 pages videos and about

took away the contact button from the nav bar an put contacts on every pages bottom

made the buttons to lead right places from every page

did so if you are in the home screen and press home it doesnt jump down the page

Trying to return my repository again for reevaluation








